though  it s  tempting  to  think  of  bollingen  tower  as  a  vacation  home,  if  we  put  it  into  the  context  of  jung s  career  at  this  point  it s  clear  that  the  lakeside  retreat  was  not  built  as  an  escape  from  work.  in  1922,  when  jung  bought  the  property,  he  could  not  afford  to  take  a  vacation.  only  one  year  earlier,  in  1921,  he  had  published  psychological  types,  a  seminal  book  that  solidified  many  differences  that  had  been  long  developing  between  jungs  thinking  and  the  ideas  of  his  onetime  friend  and  mentor,  sigmund  freud.  to  disagree  with  freud  in  the  1920s  was  a  bold  move.  to  back  up  his  book,  jung  needed  to  stay  sharp  and  produce  a  stream  of  smart  articles  and  books  further  supporting  and  establishing  analytical  psychology,  the  eventual  name  for  his  new  school  of  thought.  jungs  lectures  and  counseling  practice  kept  him  busy  in  zurich this  is  clear.  but  he  wasnt  satisfied  with  busyness  alone.  he  wanted  to  change  the  way  we  understood  the  unconscious,  and  this  goal  required  deeper,  more  careful  thought  than  he  could  manage  amid  his  hectic  city  lifestyle.  jung  retreated  to  bollingen,  not  to  escape  his  professional  life,  but  instead  to  advance  it.  carl  jung  went  on  to  become  one  of  the  most  influential  thinkers  of  the  twentieth  century.  there  are,  of  course,  many  reasons  for  his  eventual  success.  in  this  book,  however,  i m  interested  in  his  commitment  to  the  following  skill,  which  almost  certainly  played  a  key  role  in  his  accomplishments. Deep work is necessary to wring every last drop of value out of your current intellectual capacity. We now know from decades of research in both psychology and neuroscience that the state of mental strain that accompanies deep work is also necessary to improve your abilities. Deep work, in other words, was exactly the type of effort needed to stand out in a cognitively demanding field like academic psychiatry in the early twentieth century. The term “deep work” is my own and is not something Carl Jung would have used, but his actions during this period were those of someone who understood the underlying concept. Jung built a tower out of stone in the woods to promote deep work in his professional life—a task that required time, energy, and money. It also took him away from more immediate pursuits. As Mason Currey writes, Jung’s regular journeys to Bollingen reduced the time he spent on his clinical work, noting, “Although he had many patients who relied on him, Jung was not shy about taking time off.” Deep work, though a burden to prioritize, was crucial for his goal of changing the world.